# **How are Open Data Used in Sports Science? A Systematic Review and Bibliometric Analysis of all Studies Citing the Open Football Dataset Published by Pappalardo et al. in 2019**

## *Background & Aim*
Despite the growing importance of big data, large, publicly available datasets are still relatively rare. However, these could form the basis for reproducible and transparent research and enable the development of new data analysis methods. 
The aim of this paper is to use a systematic review and bibliometric analysis to provide an overview of the research questions, methodological approaches, and possible applications that exist in dealing with such datasets and how the scientific community has dealt with them so far. 

## *Repository Structure*
The folder [ChatGPT chats](/ChatGPTchats) contains my used chats with ChatGPT to improve language and readability.

The [data](/data) folder contains all data from my thesis (e.g. original workflow of the systematic review and included studies) as well as additional datasets generated by the code (e.g. classifications, alluvial and authors/nationality).

The [plots](/plots) folder contains all visualizations generated during the analysis. All visualizations are also included in my thesis. 

The [scripts](/scripts) folder contains the complete analysis scripts for the systematic review and the bibliometric analysis. 

## *License*
This project uses a [CC-BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) license, which also applies to all data published in this repository.
